[Music]
my absolute love Japanese food is
something I've always been dying to know
how to make properly so I'm a sushi
version until today I'm going back to
the floor to get the ultimate lesson in
the perfect sushi there we go another
defect I've come to the award-winning IR
restaurant in the West End the sushi
chefs here have trained for up to 10
years and are all experts hand-picked
from Japan teaching me today is sous
chef Jan wing Quinn overseen by sushi
master carest Ann hi how are you good to
see I'll be tackling three sushi
classics dragon roll scallop nigiri and
spicy tuna roll but first it's back to
basics rice so how long would you wash
rice for when you first arrived in a
Japanese kitchen for three years meaning
three years three years just washing
rice Carlos and he did rice for six
years what is your naughty boy the rice
is washed three times leaving it soft
but sticky enough to mold and this is
the most important thing for sushi
because we say the fish arise if the
heart yes I've been fast-tracked through
years of rice washing and now it's time
to learn how to make my first dish a
real work of art the dragon roll avocado
eel cucumber and salmon roe enter clear
apt in seaweed paper called nori and
rice but there's one big catch
today within 2 minutes let's do it with
him what within 2 minutes in 2 minutes
it's impossible to that two minutes I've
been told to copy Kara sands every move
it's an amazing way of funny and avocado
Jesus Christ
huh everything's so precise everything
so this one was like it's in military
fashion next step for Kara son deal but
I'm still struggling with the basics the
Vice sticks to your hands so quickly yes
kara stands almost finished is so
precise house bells this is for one
portion on poison yeah I'm feeling
slightly nervous because I I feel for
the first time in my cooking career
after 21 years in the kitchen I'm out my
death Jesus in under two minutes
Karis hands done and I've only just
begun
it's incredible the level of
concentration
amount of work that goes into it so
underestimated thirteen minutes later
dragon roll eventually done on my
worries with timing 30 minutes needs
them in two minutes